# confirmed

Confirmed is a state of transaction which is completed

# transacted

Confirmed is a state of transaction which is sent to the blockchain but status is unknown

# block_number

Block where identity state has been included

# block_timestamp

Timestamp of block where identity state has been included

# tx_id

ID of transaction of published state


# state

state includes basic information of issuer identity


# root_of_roots


A merkle tree of Roots is generated by the Issuer and uploaded to the Smart Contract. This allows the recipients to hide the particular Root they are using to prove a claim, and to prove that the Root is valid by proving inclusion in the Roots Tree of the Issuer.


# claims_tree_root

A merkle tree of claim information according to specification


# revocation_tree_root

Every Identity has a ClT (Claim Tree) and a separate ReT (Revocation Tree). While the claim tree would be private and only the root public, the revocation tree would be entirely public. The roots of both trees (ClT and ReT) are linked via the IdS (Identity State) which is published in the Smart Contract. The revocation tree could be published in IPFS or any other public storage system

# existence

Allows proving that a claim existed at some point

# siblings

The list of siblings in a path from a leaf to the root

# node_aux

A claim is a statement made by one identity about another identity or itself. Each claim is composed of two parts: index and values. Claims are stored in the leafs of a MT. The index is hashed and used to determine in which leaf position the value of the claim will be stored.

# h_index

index part of node_aux

# h_value

value part of node_aux


# creator 

Issue Identifier

# created 

Time in Unix when signature has been created
